welcome back today I'm going to share
with you what I order from thredUP
we'll see what we think of the items and
I'll let you know about my experience of
service so just like everybody else now
they wrap it up in a little bundle of
tissue now it's most curious about this
top it looks fuchsia on the photo the
description says it's red and I would
definitely say in person it is hot pink
we'll see so it's a lot lighter weight
than I expected it to be for this type
that's not good or bad but for this type
of top I kind of thought it would maybe
be a little bit heavy weight sometimes
the top like this do you know they can
be a little bit it definitely smells
like someone else so I selected when I
was searching through the app figured
out you can do this because I ordered
from them before and not been that happy
with what I ordered but I realized that
I hadn't selected that I either wanted
new with tags or like new I don't think
my receipt has the prices on it I think
it was about $28 $28.99 maybe and it
definitely just doesn't smell bad it
just smells like it's belonged to
someone else before I don't know I'll
have to see how it is on not the best
color on me you can see this is just a
pair of black pants for my daughter
she'll have to try them on
they're White House Black Market I think
they were like 1999 so I was pretty
excited she needs black pants all the
time for music stuff I am curious to see
the care label on it yes
it gave me machine wash that's awesome
because some of the some of the
orchestra clothing she has needs to be
dry-cleaned and then she'll need it to
wear it too for like pin orchestra and
stuff and so then she's needing to wear
it night after night really convenient
to have a few things that are machine
washable
I would definitely wash that cold being
black you know that can fade really
easily but this is not fair I would say
it is not faded I would say calling it
like new it's fairly accurate again it
does have it does smell like human
beings I don't know it's so terrible and
for pants I think that's less of a
bother I have a coat which is really a
fairly nice coat that I got at an
upscale consignment shop here I want to
say was Ann Taylor or something and I
like it except whenever I wear it I'm
like mmm someone else's perfume so I
think I'm like sensitized to that aspect
of secondhand clothing but if these fit
they'll be definitely a keeper the last
thing I ordered I don't know I'm gonna
have to back the camera up for you to
see the whole thing it's just a skirt
which said it was new with tags it is
new with tags it was originally 88 and I
got it for I think 29 one program that
she's in she gets tickets to like
symphony and opera and sometimes were
also good at the LA so I need something
that's a little bit dressier but kind of
conservative don't need something really
um too edgy but I think that'll be nice
i I think I'll also show you a top that
I recently got from Marshalls for $19.99
it's not really similar to the pink top
but kind of in my head so I'm gonna go
run a quick iron and off so here's the
top from thread up let me back up so you
can see the whole top it's not bad I
wasn't sure if it would look too much
like something a 60 year old woman would
wear on a cruise but actually once I get
it on I don't feel like it's much that
way I don't know if I like this when I
put the pearls on with it and I do like
it better with the pearls it has a tiny
little stain you probably can't see it
now I feel like I'm imagining it it's
just this was priced this is a used
shirt
thank you much price at twenty eight
ninety nine on the basis of being like
new condition so I'm a little like hmm I
don't know don't think about it it's not
super modern it has like a straight
across ham it's obviously a few years
old by the style material just has zero
give so like when I go like that it
feels a little bit tight if I raise my
arms it doesn't pull up too much really
it's a little constricting compared to
like a t-shirt I wouldn't want to
workout in it this is not a shirt I
would wear to yoga or a rowboat let me
know what you think of it this is the
top that I recently picked up at
Marshall's for 20 dollars it has a
little bit of a flutter hem
and it has kind of a bell sleeve I think
that's what you call it I really liked a
little embroidery on the shoulder I feel
like it's kind of a little bit of a
trendy thing I won't probably want to be
wearing a sleeve like this three years
from now you'll be like oh that's it's
for your old shirt but it's cute for now
and at 20 dollars I feel like that's a
good price rain for a tough but it's not
in any way an investment piece like it a
lot better than the pink top it's not
really an either/or decision
it's just like hard to swallow when you
think like for $20 I can get a new top
that feels fresh and current or for 26
$28 $29 camera was I can give a top that
feels like I've had it for five years
hey I'm really undecided about the other
top not this one
I'll definitely keep this one so here's
the skirt since a little high this kind
of skirt will always kind of ride up to
my natural waist which is more up here
and not down here I mean these kind of
skirts okay I always make you look a
little wide it's kind of how they are
this is not great top for it I can't
decide try taking something into it but
then it's like so high I'll do that so
you could just say you can see the whole
thing
I think I'll keep the skirt it makes me
look wide as a houseboat but that's how
skirts like that are and it will be
perfect for some things that I do the
black pants I won't know for sure until
my daughter gets home I will be very
surprised if they don't fit her and she
doesn't like them she says super picky
White House Black Market usually fits
her really well and she always needs
more black clothes she'll definitely get
you said of those and I think those were
just 20 so that's a good price
extremely good price for for black pants
for her so these are the stains I
mentioned a little dot here and a little
dot there it was probably wouldn't
dissuade me if I was in love with the
blouse like $26 just bought a blouse for
20 that I like a lot better so I think
I'll send it back hopefully it will make
someone very happy
so another thing with this shirt when I
earn it I told you it had a little bit
of a funny smell and then when I was
ironing what smell became really clear
it smells exactly like Ivory soap again
if I were in love with it I'd find a way
to live with it not in love with it so I
think I made up my mind I'd still have
to hear your opinions in the comments if
you enjoyed this video click Subscribe
below see you tomorrow but only a few
more tomorrow's and we're almost done
with Veda look who we have